# cheatsheet
Học qua cheatsheet

## github setup
https://github.com/dathalongbay/cheatsheet/blob/main/github-setup.md
## webcoban 
https://webcoban.vn/mysql/tai-lieu-hoc-mysql    
## Output Laravel SQL query log
https://viblo.asia/p/output-laravel-sql-query-log-4dbZN2VnZYM    
https://codebriefly.com/how-to-log-all-sql-queries-in-laravel/    
https://codebriefly.com/how-to-log-all-sql-queries-in-laravel/   
## laravel cheatsheet dev.to
https://github.com/dathalongbay/cheatsheet/blob/main/laravel-cheatsheet-devto.md
## laravel cheatsheet learninglaravel.net
https://learninglaravel.net/cheatsheet/#
## laravel cheatsheet 
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/laravel-cheat-sheet/        
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/laravel-5-cheat-sheet/#laravel-validation   
https://github.com/piotr-jura-udemy/laravel-cheat-sheet
## CSS cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/css-cheat-sheet/    
## Vuejs cheatsheet
## React cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/react-cheat-sheet/
## Nodejs cheatsheet
## Mysql cheatsheet
https://devhints.io/mysql    
https://www.mysqltutorial.org/mysql-cheat-sheet.aspx    
https://gist.github.com/bradtraversy/c831baaad44343cc945e76c2e30927b3              
https://gist.github.com/hofmannsven/9164408     
https://websitesetup.org/mysql-cheat-sheet/   
## Wordpress cheatsheet
https://websitesetup.org/wordpress-cheat-sheet/
## Magento cheatsheet
https://gist.github.com/JeansBolong/1557efe396732b8046f45524230c6e65
## Joomla cheatsheet
https://www.joomlashack.com/blog/joomla/joomla-training-cheat-sheet/
## SQL cheatsheet
https://websitesetup.org/sql-cheat-sheet/
## Elasticseatch cheatsheet
## Centos Linux cheatsheet
https://cheatography.com/bromono/cheat-sheets/centos-cheat-sheet/
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/linux-cheat-sheet/     
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/centos-cheat-sheet/    
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/linux-command-line-cheat-sheet/     

## Nginx cheatsheet
https://gist.github.com/carlessanagustin/9509d0d31414804da03b               
https://virtubox.github.io/advanced-nginx-cheatsheet/       
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/nginx-cheat-sheet/  
## Jquery cheatsheet
https://htmlcheatsheet.com/jquery/
## Ajax
https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/jquery/jquery-ajax-method         
## PHP cheatsheet
https://websitesetup.org/php-cheat-sheet/          
## Bootstrap cheatsheet 
https://websitesetup.org/bootstrap-cheat-sheet/      
## Javascript cheatsheet
https://websitesetup.org/javascript-cheat-sheet/  
# Micro services
https://www.nginx.com/blog/building-microservices-using-an-api-gateway/   
## Mongodb cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/mongodb-cheat-sheet/          
## NPM cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/npm-cheat-sheet/   
## Docket cheatsheet 
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/docker-cheat-sheet/    
## Regex cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/regex-cheat-sheet/     
## GIT cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/git-cheat-sheet/

## Crontab cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/crontab-cheat-sheet/   

## Redis cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/redis-cheat-sheet/

## Axios cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/axios-cheat-sheet/ 

## VueX cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/vuex-cheat-sheet/ 

## MariaDB cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/mariadb-cheat-sheet/

## Apache cheatsheet
https://simplecheatsheet.com/tag/apache-cheat-sheet/

## Laravel 
https://codebriefly.com/category/laravel/laravel-code-snippet/page/3/    
https://codebriefly.com/how-to-handle-content-scraping-in-laravel/     
https://codebriefly.com/laravel-logging-guzzle-requests-file/   
https://www.parthpatel.net/laravel-tutorial-for-beginner/   
## Hướng dẫn magento
https://www.magetop.com/blog/cai-magento-2-4-tren-localhost-xampp/     
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVljbADx_mA     
https://www.magetop.com/blog/vn/    
https://vi-magento.com/category/lap-trinh-magento/   
https://vi-magento.com/danh-sach-magento-2/   
http://blankapham.com/category/lap-trinh-web/magento-tutorial/   
https://kungfuphp.com/magento/huong-dan-cai-dat-magento-2.html   
## Laravel ajax todo
https://www.parthpatel.net/laravel-ajax-crud-bootstrap-jquery/   
## Laravel where
https://www.parthpatel.net/laravel-multiple-where-and-or-and-conditions-example/
## Laravel multi auth
https://www.tutsmake.com/laravel-8-multi-auth-authentication-tutorial/ 
## PHP Interview 
https://www.tutsmake.com/php-logical-interview-questions-and-answers-for-1235-year-experience/
https://www.tutsmake.com/javascript-es6-interview-question-and-answer/   
https://www.tutsmake.com/mysql-interview-questions-and-answers/    

## 5 mô hình phổ biến để cài đặt Server cho ứng dụng
https://www.digistar.vn/5-mo-hinh-pho-bien-de-cai-dat-server-cho-ung-dung/
## Debug 
https://www.tma.vn/Hoi-dap/Cam-nang-nghe-nghiep/Ki-thuat-debug-trong-viec-phat-trien-he-thong-nhung/16776   
https://www.semtek.com.vn/debug-la-gi/        
https://123job.vn/bai-viet/debug-nghia-la-gi-nhung-chia-se-huu-ich-danh-cho-lap-trinh-vien-1810.html      
https://blog.itnavi.com.vn/debug-la-gi/   
https://codelearn.io/sharing/lam-sao-de-debug-de-dang     
https://www.tma.vn/Hoi-dap/Cam-nang-nghe-nghiep/Ki-thuat-debug-trong-viec-phat-trien-he-thong-nhung/16776     
# 10 tip debug hiệu quả
https://github.com/dathalongbay/cheatsheet/blob/main/Top%2010%20TIPs%20gi%C3%BAp%20Coder%20Debug%20hi%E1%BB%87u%20qu%E1%BA%A3%20v%C3%A0%20%C4%91%C6%A1n%20gi%E1%BA%A3n%20h%C6%A1n.pdf    
## Mysql interview 
https://www.tutsmake.com/mysql-interview-questions-and-answers/
## Tutsmake học nodejs
https://www.tutsmake.com/category/node-js-tutorial/
## Laravel tutorial 
https://www.tutsmake.com/category/laravel-tutorial/
## All laravel 
https://allaravel.com/category/laravel-co-ban   

## Youtube tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/c/Hi%E1%BA%BFuTutorialwithliveproject/playlists

## Some tutotrial viblo laravel 
https://viblo.asia/u/lechihuy 
## Laravel log
https://viblo.asia/p/cach-ghi-log-trong-ung-dung-laravel-1Je5Emam5nL    
https://allaravel.com/blog/quan-ly-loi-va-ghi-log-trong-ung-dung-laravel   
## Dev own package laravel
https://viblo.asia/p/kien-truc-he-thong-tren-laravel-phan-10-oOVlYydol8W   
https://github.com/laraviet?tab=repositories   
## Sử dụng Service Layer và Repository trong Laravel
https://viblo.asia/p/su-dung-service-layer-va-repository-trong-laravel-bJzKmw4Dl9N  
https://dev.to/jsf00/implement-crud-with-laravel-service-repository-pattern-1dkl    
## Top package laravel 
https://www.bacancytechnology.com/blog/top-10-laravel-packages-to-install-in-2020-part-1   
https://laraadmin.com/features   
https://www.cloudways.com/blog/best-laravel-packages/    
https://viblo.asia/p/gioi-thieu-package-laravel-generator-Eb85oMRkZ2G   
https://php-download.com/package/crestapps/laravel-code-generator   
## Log query laravel 
https://artisansweb.net/how-to-log-query-in-laravel/   
## HD Nginx
https://huongdan.azdigi.com/huong-dan-cai-dat-nginx-proxy-apache-2-4-6/   
## Microservice Nginx
https://www.nginx.com/blog/microservices-from-design-to-deployment-ebook-nginx/   
https://medium.com/@poweredlocal/developing-a-simple-api-gateway-in-php-and-lumen-f84756cce043   
## Học viên full
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCkH-votwCOpd6FjCoQiWoA

